ah okay next video this video it's give
me my fifth omegle video so just a
quickly some other mEagle for you guys
out there who might have seen my
previous amiibo videos it's basically a
website we go on where you appear
against one other random person and you
can see in here them and I go on there
in a character makeup this time I'm the
creature from the first insidious movie
the demon would fire on his face or
lipstick face demon is he more commonly
known as a popper link here to a
tutorial I've done on the past each guys
how to do this if you'd like to recreate
it but yeah so I go on there and I
record the reactions sometimes people
scream sometimes they laugh I cried and
I felt bad but yeah every way it's quite
funny I think but yeah so without
further ado let's go on amigo and see
what we get oh my god oh my god oh thank
you
[Music]
oh my god it's the boogeyman
not really why oh you got underwear in
your face Star Wars guy like in love you
know that's not that's not him
is not him hey Charlie
never ever that is a nice guitar
yes oh my god yes oh my gosh Gary I'm
sorry buzzes oh my god hi oh my god I
found my father
I'm not your fucking yeah you are
no I'm really not get you fucking are
okay hi there hi there surely that's
good
oh boy I must see him on the huge fan of
them this year you oh I watch you on
YouTube I have one thing to say you have
a heart on your nose and I love that you
say thank you placed on my duty